Fixes setting of root velocities in the event term `reset_root_state_from_terrain` (#1884)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/isaaclab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.34.1 (2025-02-16)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Fixed crash when using reset_root_state_from_terrain

Reviewer: Please be more specific when writing the Changelog.

```suggestion
* Fixed setting of root velocities inside the event term :meth:`reset_root_state_from_terrain`. Earlier, the indexing
  based on the environment IDs was missing.
```
